MP-1644 Documentation for in-app upgrades modal (#1494)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/getting-started/app-guides/in-app-upgrades/index.mdx

Users can select the resource quantity in the **Confirm and pay** modal.

> Additionally, for fullscreen widgets, LiveChat app provides a way to embed the table with upgrades in a modal. You can utilize this invoking `window.postMessage()` method with `event_name: 'open_in_app_upgrades_modal'` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for fullscreen widgets, the LiveChat app provides a way to embed a table with upgrades in a modal. You can utilize it by invoking the `window.postMessage()` method with the `event_name: 'open_in_app_upgrades_modal'` parameter.
```

<Code>
<CodeSample path={'OPEN IN-APP UPGRADES MODAL'}>

```js
const openInAppUpgrades = () => {
  const message = JSON.stringify({
    event_name: "open_in_app_upgrades_modal",

>     event_data: null,

Reviewer: What's event_data for?

Author: actually, in this case it's for nothing (at least for now) so I'll just delete it - leftover from similar types of events, but we don't need it here
